date: September 22, 2016
meeting_type: instructor
attendance: [jialuota, jiaqinlin, rundali, xiaofeili]
absent: [N\A, N\A, N\A]
excused_absences: N/A
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <jialuota>, progress: Understand more about community point},
  {ubit: <jiaqinlin>, progress: Maybe consider online feature},
  {ubit: <xiaofeili>, progress: Notice that we have to sepereate missions if we are sharing tasks},
  {ubit: <rundali>, progress: Maybe conside more new features for our project},
  {ubit: <ubit4>, progress: N/A},
  {ubit: <ubit5>, progress: N/A},
  {ubit: <ubit6>, progress: N/A}
  ]
issues: [ # N/A
  {ubit: <ubit2>, N/A},
  {ubit: <ubit6>, N/A}
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  The group is considering a switch from Django to Ruby on Rails. Deliberations will continue.
  TA suggested moving sensitive computation from the browser/client to the server for improved security.