date: Novermber 9, 2016
meeting_type: ta 
attendance: [jialuota, jiaqinlin, rundali, xiaofeili]
absent: [N\A, N\A, N\A]
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  {ubit: <ubit5>, : reason: Had class. This was known through a Doodle poll before scheduling the meeting.},
  {ubit: <ubit6>, reason: Abducted by aliens 15 minutes before meeting}
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <jialuota>, progress: Integrate typing with gun firing and respawn of enemy for sprint4},
  {ubit: <jiaqilin>, progress: Leaderboard integration with game and add your name for sprint 4},
  {ubit: <xiaofeili>, progress: Finish resizing and centering of content for every game frame for sprint 4},
  {ubit: <rundali>, progress: Integrate hp bar with enemy attacking player for sprint 4},
  {ubit: <ubit4>, progress: N/A},
  {ubit: <ubit5>, progress: N/A},
  {ubit: <ubit6>, progress: N/A}
  ]
issues: [ # N/A
  {ubit: <ubit2>, N/A},
  {ubit: <ubit6>, N/A}
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  The group is considering a switch from Django to Ruby on Rails. Deliberations will continue.
  TA suggested moving sensitive computation from the browser/client to the server for improved security.